5071 publication page template (#5084)
mozilla/foundation.mozilla.org: docs/stack.md

### React

React is used _à la carte_ for isolated component instances (eg: a tab switcher) since this is not a single page application, but rather a static generated website. This precludes the need for Flux architecture, or such libraries as React Router.

To add a React component, you can target a container element from `/source/js/main.js` and inject it.

### Django and Wagtail

Django powers the backend of the site, and we use Wagtail with Django to provide CMS features and functionality.

> If you are making a new page for the site, make sure the Page inherits both the Wagtail Page as well as `FoundationMetadataPageMixin` in order for a page to display properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are defining a new page class for the site, make sure it inherits both the Wagtail `Page` class as well as the `FoundationMetadataPageMixin` mixin. The first is a general Wagtail requirement, and the latter ensures that page metadata used for SEO and the like is (generally) correct.
```

Most assets are stored on S3. Buyers Guide images are hosted on Cloudinary.

### File Structure

```
/
├── dest <- Compiled code generated from source. Don't edit!
├── network-api <- Django site code
│   ├── networkapi <- Django apps live within this directory

>         └── wagtailpages <- most of the pages using wagtail are here

Reviewer: :+1:
